-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Project Treble splits Android into two parts: The Google part and the hardware support part
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How Google can build one update that works everywhere?

when the Android N developer preview was released, we noticed something was different. With Android Marshmallow,
Google had inserted a new partitioning structure that included a vendor partition.
This held some files that had previously lived in the "regular" core OS folders in the system partition,
as well as some files from the company who made the phone itself.
But in the Android N developer preview, things changed even more and there were also files in this new partition
that duplicated and overwrote pieces of the core OS when the phone was booted up.

At the time, we put our heads together and did some extra digging and came to the conclusion
that this was the first step towards making Android easy to update by giving companies like Samsung or Qualcomm
a place to call their own and splitting the system into two parts: a vendor area and an Android core area


Google announced Project Treble today,
and everything has come full circle. This is exactly what
that vendor area is for, and we get to see just how it
can change the problem of phones not being updated fast enough

The Vendor Interface and VTS (Vendor Test Suite) are coming with Android O,
and it looks like this will take away any excuses for being slow with the updates.
It's a fairly technical thing to describe, and if you're technically inclined,
you should have a look at Google's blog post on it all,
but we can break it down so that everyone can understand
what this is and why it can make a big difference

We all know Android comes from Google. Plenty of other companies work with Google to make
Android better (and Google has invited companies to do even more of this), but the code is finalized 
and hosted by Google. Anyone can download it and build it into Android, but this Android on its own
is not a complete phone operating system.

Android itself is not a complete operating system. You need support from hardware vendors to do anything

Project Treble is a fundamental change in how Android is created and how third party vendors —
companies like Qualcomm or NVIDIA — can add their required software outside of the main Android framework.
It's a major undertaking and has been a long time coming, but it should alleviate much of
the slow update problem we see from companies who make Android phones



